
Verified SAR-BP: A verified C implementation of SAR backprojection
with a certified absolute error bound.

Version 1.0 (2015-12-04)

Copyright (C) 2015 Reservoir Labs Inc.
All rights reserved.

This software and each of its files are free software. You can
redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License (GNU GPL v3), or (at your option) any
later version.  A verbatim copy of the GNU GPL v3 is included in
gpl-3.0.txt.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU GPL
v3 for more details.

This work is sponsored in part by DARPA MTO as part of the Power
Efficiency Revolution for Embedded Computing Technologies (PERFECT)
program (issued by DARPA/CMO under Contract No: HR0011-12-C-0123). The
views and conclusions contained in this work are those of the authors
and should not be interpreted as representing the official policies,
either expressly or implied, of the DARPA or the
U.S. Government. Distribution Statement "A" (Approved for Public
Release, Distribution Unlimited.)


If you are using or modifying Verified SAR-BP in your work, please
consider citing the following paper:

Tahina Ramananandro, Paul Mountcastle, Benoit Meister and Richard
Lethin.
A Unified Coq Framework for Verifying C Programs with Floating-Point
Computations.
In CPP (5th ACM/SIGPLAN conference on Certified Programs and Proofs)
2016.


Verified SAR-BP derives from prior work listed in ACKS along with
their copyright and licensing information.

Verified SAR-BP depends on third-party libraries listed in ACKS along
with their copyright information.
